Add sqlx-ts under Compile-time checked queries (new category) (#1249)
sindresorhus/awesome-nodejs: readme.md

	- [TypeORM](https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm) - ORM for PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MySQL, SQLite, and more.
	- [MikroORM](https://github.com/mikro-orm/mikro-orm) - TypeScript ORM based on Data Mapper, Unit of Work and Identity Map patterns. Supports MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQLite.
	- [Prisma](https://github.com/prisma/prisma) - Modern database access (ORM alternative). Auto-generated and type-safe query builder in TypeScript. Supports PostgreSQL, MySQL & SQLite.

> - Compile-time Checked Queries

Reviewer: Don't title-case.

Reviewer 2: []()

>         - [sqlx-ts](https://github.com/JasonShin/sqlx-ts) - sqlx-ts is a CLI application featuring compile-time checked queries without a DSL and generates types against SQLs to keep your code type-safe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- [sqlx-ts](https://github.com/JasonShin/sqlx-ts) - CLI tool featuring compile-time checked queries without a DSL and generates types against SQLs to keep your code type-safe.
```

And try to shorten the description.

	- [MikroORM](https://github.com/mikro-orm/mikro-orm) - TypeScript ORM based on Data Mapper, Unit of Work and Identity Map patterns. Supports MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQLite.
	- [Prisma](https://github.com/prisma/prisma) - Modern database access (ORM alternative). Auto-generated and type-safe query builder in TypeScript. Supports PostgreSQL, MySQL & SQLite.
 	- [Drizzle ORM](https://github.com/drizzle-team/drizzle-orm) - TypeScript ORM that supports various databases such as PostgreSQL.
- Compile-time checked queries

> 	- [sqlx-ts](https://github.com/JasonShin/sqlx-ts) - CLI tool featuring compile-time checked queries without a DSL and generates types against SQLs to keep your code type-safe.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	- [sqlx-ts](https://github.com/JasonShin/sqlx-ts) - CLI tool featuring compile-time checked queries without a DSL and generates types against SQLs to keep your code type-safe.
```
